>>DAVID WILCOCK: Hello, and
welcome to "Disclosure."
I'm your host, David Wilcock,
and I am here with none
other than Dr. Pete Peterson.
He has been very valuable to
me as a scientific educator,
and was also quite
instrumental in vetting out
much of the science that
I put into my first book,
"The Source Field
Investigations," in which
the first half of it goes into
great detail about the science
of DNA, the science
of biological life,
consciousness, how
it all interfaces,
and that's part of
what Pete independently
found in his research
on what he calls,
"the informational field."
So that's what we're going to
be getting into in this episode,
and maybe more.
So Pete, welcome
back to the show.
>>PETE PETERSON:
Thank you much, David.
>>DAVID: This is, obviously,
a tremendous huge subject
for us to get into here, because
this was what you finally
wrote a PhD thesis for.
Now, could anybody just
go and look up your thesis
on the informational field?
>>PETERSON: No, I'm afraid
that it was classified,
and they're going to review
it, in my understanding,
in the year 3050 to see if
they want to release it.
Part of it is that what makes
a good curative device also
makes a good weapons system.
And it was their
opinion, and my opinion,
that man wasn't really
ready for an ultimate weapon
along with an ultimate cure.
>>DAVID: Well, I
remember reading Dr. Tom
Bearden about his
Excalibur Briefing,
and I know you have certain
opinions about Bearden.
You said that he--
let me just start out with this.
Bearden has material about these
so-called scalar technologies
or scalar weapons,
which he said could
be so destructive
that they would
dwarf the nuclear bomb in terms
of their destructive potential.
Would you agree that there
are weapons like that?
Let's just start with that.
>>PETERSON: Both there
are weapons like that
and they're even bigger
and better weapons
that we can build.
>>DAVID: And you
mentioned one time
that Bearden, who was
very instrumental in some
of Richard Hoagland's
physics, had actually
been present at a meeting
where you were talking
about a lot of this stuff
before he ever started
talking about it himself.
>>PETERSON: I was told that
he was sergeant of the guard
at that time, and was dealing
with just the people that
were there, who was
allowed to be there,
and keeping the wrong people
out and the right people in.
>>DAVID: At this meeting
that you were at?
>>PETERSON: At this meeting.
And Dr. Howard Curtin
gave quite an exposure
of informational fields.
It was the first time
that a lot of people
had heard of scalar
technology, and he
was and is a brilliant
expert in scalar technology.
>>DAVID: Could you give us
the dirt simple explanation
of what is a scalar wave?
>>PETERSON: Well, dirt
simple, it's when you--
let's say that we have a rope
stretched across the studio
here, and you have one end
of it, I have one end of it.
And I start moving
the rope up and down,
and I shake waves
into that rope.
And if we pull the rope,
we get longitudinal waves,
and if we move it like this,
we'll get scalar waves.
And there are things in
nature called solitons.
Solitons are scaler in nature.
They were noticed first by
a ship's captain, and all
of the shipping waves that
were inland in England.
And he'd see these waves coming
down through a shipping lane,
and the wave was
up and down, and it
would seem never to diminish.
It would just go, and go, and
go, and go, and go and not
diminish.
So there came a mathematics
out of Oxford for this,
and that became the beginning
of scalar waves and scalar
technology.
>>DAVID: On my show,
"Wisdom Teachings,"
I've had many episodes--
I got really deeply into
Dr. Nikolai Kozyrev,
the Russian scientist,
who did research
into what he called
"torsion fields,"
but it's a very similar concept.
Now, what was weird
about Kozyrev--
and I want to just
throw this out there
and see how you respond to it--
was that, first of all, Kozyrev
was studying the possibility
that you have all these
binary star systems.
And one star flickers,
and the other star
flickers at the same way, but
the speed at which they're
communicating to
each other, in order
to both flicker like that, is
much faster than light speed,
sometimes five or six times
faster based on their distance.
So he believed that
there had to be
some sort of faster
than light wave
that could be causing them to
mirror each other's behavior
like that.
>>PETERSON: Well,
in recent years,
we've had the French,
and the Italians,
and some others actually
show the speed of light
being 660,000 miles per second.
>>DAVID: Really?
>>PETERSON: And they've
demonstrated it very amply.
And it's one of the main
flaws in Einstein's theory
is the fact that
light is limited
to 186,000 miles per second,
because it's not at all.
It travels at different
speeds at different times.
And then there
also are phenomena
that can travel
instantly with no delay.
>>DAVID: Well, the
analogy that I've
seen by some of these Russian
scientists I found really
amazing, if you looked
at the top of this table
as if it were a
sponge, lightspeed
could be like water
soaking through the sponge
by capillary action,
and it's going
to have to soak through one hole
into the next, into the next,
as it goes along.
But what if I just
push the whole table?
There's no difference in the
speed of the impulse from one
side of the table to the other.
It moves as if it were a solid.
So are you saying that some of
the universe behaves that way?
>>PETERSON: All universe
behaves that way
to the proper
phenomena or stimulus.
>>DAVID: What is the role of
consciousness in all of this?
Obviously, it's a huge subject.
>>PETERSON: The consciousness
that I play with travels
instantaneously.
There is no delay at all, and
you can communicate across
great, great, great
distances with no delay
if you do it properly.
There are a number
of theses out there.
Some of them
Einstein was involved
in, and Bell, Bell's theorem,
and Posen, and a few other.
They're a number
of other people.
And so most of what
we have for physics,
I found out, was wrong,
both mathematically,
and philosophically, and
theoretically, and so forth.
And I have a friend coming
out with a book that's
going to expose all the
mathematics of that very,
very soon.
They're doing final
drawings and things
now showing that the greater
part of mathematics is wrong,
and that we need to have a
mathematics that we count
in threes, for various reasons,
and that will soon come out,
I'm sure.
And it's going to change just
about everything, especially
the speed of things
happening, and a lot
of thoughts about physics
are going to change.
>>DAVID: Let's start
with some simpler stuff
first, because we did talk
about that a little bit already,
but I wanted to start
with some simpler things.
Could you get into
some of the research
that you might be aware of
that's less commonly known,
showing that there
is a consciousness
outside the biological body.
>>PETERSON: Well,
actually we've seen
results that come from
that throughout history
for a long, long time.
I've been privy
to some books that
were written 6,700 years
ago, and one of them
about 7,200 years ago, where
a lot of this was outlined.
That information
I'm pretty certain
came here from
alien life, what we
would call alien
life, where they
had many, many centuries on us.
>>DAVID: These books are
obviously not public domain,
you're saying?
>>PETERSON: The ones I saw were
books from the Vatican Library,
and the Vatican
Library, that I know of,
holds a lot of books that didn't
burn during the great fire
at The Great Library
of Alexandria.
There were a lot
of things saved,
a small percentage burned.
>>DAVID: And you were
allowed to read some of them?
>>PETERSON: I was allowed to
look at some of them, yes.
>>DAVID: Did they take them
out of the library or did you
go to the library?
>>PETERSON: No, they were
never taken out of the library.
They never are taken out of
the library, that I know of.
>>DAVID: How did you
possibly get the right
to be in the Vatican Library.
I don't think anybody's
allowed in there.
>>PETERSON: That's not
for discussion right now,
but it was necessary for some
things that I was working
on due to what appeared
to be attacks from outside
of our known boundaries of
things that we know intimately
of--
different solar systems,
different galaxies.
>>DAVID: Were these
books believed
to be extraterrestrial
in nature?
>>PETERSON: Oh, yes.
Yeah, they were some
of the early languages,
a lot of our early languages.
I think we've had,
probably that I know of,
about five different
buildups of intellect
and humanity on Earth.
>>DAVID: Five
different buildups?
>>PETERSON: Right.
>>DAVID: What happens
after it builds up?
>>PETERSON: It destroys itself.
We're trying to do it
really hard right now.
It's something very
hard for people to do.
If you want to
read about it, it's
written about in every
religious text I know of.
>>DAVID: I seem to remember
you saying at one point
that it was your belief, or
people who you spoke to's
belief, that there at one
time had been humans on Earth
with three fingers?
>>PETERSON: Oh, yes.
Yes, a lot of reason for that.
I did a study one time.
I was paid to do this by a
group that was interested in it.
And the assumption that I had
made, and they agreed with,
was that the things that
happened when we were confused
at the Tower of
Babel, let's say,
that story was really we were
confused mathematically rather
than in language.
>>DAVID: So the idea that
there had been, at one time,
one mother tongue on Earth that
then became distributed so that
people have different languages,
that they can't all speak
to each other, are you saying--
>>PETERSON: Well, that
was what we were told.
>>DAVID: Well, that's what
the Bible seems to be saying--
>>PETERSON: That's what
the Bible says, yes.
>>DAVID: --based on
conventional theology.
>>PETERSON: Right.
>>DAVID: You're saying there was
a mathematical interpretation?
>>PETERSON: What I saw that
happened, and I went back in--
and that's why I
was at the library.
>>DAVID: At the Vatican?
>>PETERSON: Right.
Was what was confused was that
we need to count in base three
rather than in base 10.
And the change that
happened was that--
and I never did find out
whether we had three fingers
and got two more, or
whether we had 13 fingers
and got three less.
>>DAVID: You mean 12 fingers
total, six on each hand?
>>PETERSON: Right.
And so I never did
determine which.
But I did determine that
the confusing was probably
in both things,
but mainly it was
in getting us down
to where we didn't
look at things in threes.
If you look at anything
in mathematics in threes,
it changes the whole universe.
>>DAVID: We are always
going back and looking
at all kinds of
ancient writings,
and it seems like
everything you look at
is an extraterrestrial
contact that started it.
And so what I'm hearing
from what you're telling me,
is that perhaps the government
had the same attitude
much earlier than
ancient aliens,
that you've got to go back
and look at these things.
And what really was the
Tower of Babel story?
What was that about?
Was that what was
going on there?
>>PETERSON: Well, that's
what I was looking at,
because it was
something that I knew
that in the Vatican
Library there
was a lot of reference data.
It was a story, but it was
a story all over Earth,
and all different-- not
all-- but most different
peoples, most
different languages,
most different mathematics.
It was a story.
>>DAVID: If the
Vatican Library is
the remnant of the
Library of Alexandria
that was then moved to
Rome, how did the Egyptians
get these books in
the first place?
>>PETERSON: I have no idea.
I know that there are places
there that go back 7,200 years
with written text.
>>DAVID: In the Vatican Library?
>>PETERSON: In the
Vatican Library.
>>DAVID: Well, I've heard
from other insiders,
not specifically you,
that there was once
a massive civilization in what
is now the Sahara Desert that
was wiped out.
And if you go 40 to 400
feet below the surface
down there, that you'll
find all kinds of artifacts,
and that others have also
said that there were books
found down there as well.
>>PETERSON: Well,
there were books found.
There were mathematical
mechanical instruments,
things similar to a surveyor's
trench, or similar to a sextant
for measuring where
your location was
on Earth from stars.
And there were a lot
of things like that
found in coal deposits that
were millions of years old.
And there were words
about it in textbooks
that were very, very old.
And as a result of that, then
we get the stories or myths
of Noah's Ark, and of
the various civilizations
that were submerged under water,
or were radiated atomically
and dissolved or disappeared.
>>DAVID: Well, since
we're on the subject,
I'm sure that everybody
is dying to know,
do these books
look like something
really weird and futuristic?
Do they have like a
chrome-polished surface?
Or what do we actually see?
What did you see with
some of these books?
>>PETERSON: To me they look
like something I would expect.
But the ones that
I've seen were books
that were written by pressing
in lead, or copper, or gold.
>>DAVID: Like metallic
plates, you're saying?
>>PETERSON: Metallic plates that
were bound in leather bindings,
and some were bound
in papyrus bindings,
and some were bound in, for
all intents and purposes, what
I'd say were plastic bindings.
>>DAVID: What did the covers
of the books look like?
>>PETERSON: A book
cover made from plastic,
or a book cover made from
some fabric material.
>>DAVID: Were there
pictures on them or text?
>>PETERSON: Most had
some kind of explanation
as to what the book was, like a
book today, would be in a text.
Some of the texts, I could
understand a little bit,
see where they came from, and
then have them translated.
And there are very good
translators in the world
these days, including
electronic ones.
>>DAVID: Did these
books have any colors
to the covers of them?
>>PETERSON: Well,
yeah, some had colors,
and some didn't have colors,
or they had a natural color.
>>DAVID: What were some of
the colors that you saw?
>>PETERSON: Well,
natural colors.
There were fabrics that were
yellowish-green, typical--
what we would call--
ancient fabric dye colors.
A lot of them had
leather covers,
and leather takes an
acid type of dye as
compared to an alkaline
dye to really do it.
Some of the colors on the inside
were intense, and beautiful,
beautiful things that
were hand-illuminated,
and some appeared
to me to be printed.
You could see the same
character with the same
either imperfection
or perfection.
It looked like maybe a little
imperfection, like something
had cracked off,
broken off, whatever,
but it was repeated
time after time.
So it might have been a type
of ink block or something
like that, that a little
piece came off of,
and it didn't make any
difference to the overall text.
>>DAVID: I remember
asking you before,
but I want to do it on camera,
were these books made out
of paper in some cases?
Did they have
regular-looking pages?
>>PETERSON: Well, yeah, there
are paper books, papyrus books,
and things like that, but not as
many as there were metal books.
It seemed that metal was
the way to preserve books,
and they liked gold,
but lead would do.
But lead is almost like a fluid.
Glass is a fluid.
It's just a very thick one,
and it takes a long time.
You'll see old windows from
the 1600's, the window's
larger at the bottom because
the glass has kind of slid down.
But lead is very soft.
But right now, in fact,
there's a tremendous number
of leather-bound lead books
going through translation
in Oxford that
were found in caves
of biblical times,
a lot of books
with a lot of the
biblical stories in them
a little bit different than
they were re-translated
by various churches or
various religious groups.
>>DAVID: Did you
ever see any pages
that were made of a very
unusual or indestructible type
of material?
>>PETERSON: Well, I--
>>DAVID: Or nearly
indestructible?
>>PETERSON: I'd
have been destroyed
if I'd have destroyed any
part of a page to find out,
because these books are
of great prime importance,
and so you're not allowed to.
There are places where they
have let people take pieces
that they could see were not
written on and do tests on.
As an example of one
of the things like that
is the Shroud of
Turin, where they
were able to do destructive
testing on it to see
various things in
places where it
wouldn't make much difference or
not a whole lot of difference.
But there were a lot of books
that were very obviously
handmade, one-on-one,
very brilliant in color,
and they were done in some type
of archival process meant to be
saved for later on or future.
>>DAVID: Well, I'm remembering
you telling me about this
before and saying that there
were certain books that
had very unusual pages
made out of a material
almost like Kevlar.
>>PETERSON: They appeared
to be yesterday's books,
and yet the dates that were on
them and the type of material
that was there, matched up with
things that were literally back
one or two--
there's a short and a long
solar cycle that we know of.
Radio amateurs know of
a 12-year solar cycle,
but there's a 23,000-year
plus or minus solar cycle that
we're at the end and then
beginning of right now.
And each one of
those solar cycles,
a lot of radiation
from the sun became
prominent, a lot of animals,
plant life, human life,
and so forth died off.
>>DAVID: Well, you
said 23,000, and I'm
wondering if, maybe since it's
been so many years since you
heard this, is it 26,000?
Because that's what
my research has shown,
is a 26,000-year cycle.
>>PETERSON: There are
a number of cycles.
>>DAVID: So 23 you're
saying is one of them?
>>PETERSON: And some of
them are near together.
Like maybe a 23,000
and a 28,000,
and then a balance out at
26,000, and that type of thing,
and some of them are different.
Some are because of
things that wander
through the solar
system, and some
are things that wander
near the solar system,
and then some are things that
are intimately time related.
And so right now, we
have a lot of radiation.
You can take a very
sensitive Geiger counter,
and take a trip by
airplane, and find out
you're getting a lot more
than the legal amount
of X-ray dosage.
>>DAVID: Well, as
are you, Pete, I've
done more research
than anybody else
I'm aware of in terms of
this interplanetary climate
change demonstrating that there
is a noticeable brightening
and increase in energetic
activity, magnetic activity
on the sun and
throughout the planets.
That they're all having
very discontinuous changes
in their appearance and in
their energetic properties.
>>PETERSON: Well,
right now is the time
that's been talked
about for centuries.
You go back and look, and
every so often there's
a change in the people.
There's a change
in the government.
I don't think it's ever
gotten to no people on Earth,
but there are things that look
like a whole new people moved
in from somewhere else after
the previous people being nearly
destroyed, if not destroyed.
>>DAVID: Well, let's go
into that for just a second.
Are you aware of or have you
heard rumors-- obviously,
you can't confirm this,
you can't prove this--
but did you hear any accounts
of there being people
that looked different
than us that
lived on Earth in the past?
>>PETERSON: Oh, absolutely.
We have pictures of it.
But when you start looking
at some of the drawings that
have survived floods, and
then being basically cast
into the mud, if you
would, and then the mud
turning to rock
and stone, things
that are dug up in very,
very deep coal mines,
where there are things
dug up that were obviously
at one time cave drawings
or wall drawings,
and you find difference in
animals as well as differences,
in some cases, peoples.
>>DAVID: So, Pete, you
mentioned in these old,
old books that there was
information in there that you
saw that seemed to validate
some of your research
into the informational
field, consciousness, or--
>>PETERSON: There were a lot
of things that were obviously
written about
consciousness itself,
how consciousness
can change what we
consider the physical universe.
When the physical
universe changes,
it appears to be because
our consciousness changes.
We appear to be aware of more
truths than we were before.
And you can go back and then
base scientific principles--
you can find scientific
principles that
are based on that information
rather than information that's
come out thousands
of years later,
where we learn more and more of
the mathematical field itself.
>>DAVID: Do you think that
the hominid form in some way
is a blueprint in consciousness
that just emanates into matter?
>>PETERSON: Well,
it seems that there
are such forms
within the universe,
that the universe
finds it easier
to remember things
than to make things up
or to come up with new things.
So it appears
that, from to time,
it appears there are different
civilizations entirely,
but there are things that
are very much parallel,
or it's the same, as
previous civilizations
or civilizations yet to come.
>>DAVID: What were some
of the different species?
What did they look like,
that you're aware of,
or that you heard had
been on Earth before us?
Did they look different?
And if so, how?
>>PETERSON: We
have to decide what
we're going to call a species.
But we had birds,
and then we had--
>>DAVID: Birds, meaning
hominid-looking birds,
like human type?
>>PETERSON: No.
We had a species that were built
like birds, various species
built like birds.
>>DAVID: But they
were intelligent?
>>PETERSON: They may have been
or they may not have been.
In some cases, there
appear to be some
that were fairly intelligent.
We have remnants of
their brains in us.
We have a avian brain
and a reptilian brain
before we get to
our bicameral brain.
So it appears that they
were each advances.
It appears that they waxed and
waned based on climate change.
The climate change was because
of various solar changes,
if you would.
And like I say, it
appears that our sun is
on at least a couple of cycles.
The 12-year cycle seems to
be quite well established,
and that's known
mainly by people
that are involved in
radio transmission,
like all the radio
amateurs will study it.
>>DAVID: Well, sure, and the
amount of sunspot activity
is very noticeably
different across the cycle.
>>PETERSON: And
then also, there's
other sunspot activity that's
just now kind of in its change.
>>DAVID: Do you think
that these solar changes
at the end of these big
cycles are also causing
changes in consciousness?
>>PETERSON: I'm
sure they must be,
because they're
changing structure
of the animals that
are here, and I'm
including the human animal.
>>DAVID: So when you say
"informational field,"
are you talking about
biological life being composed
of the same things as
what we would think
of as inanimate
matter, and that there
is all some kind of intelligent
information behind all that?
>>PETERSON: I see
very definite fields
and a field that is a
mathematical thing or a physics
thing.
I see that changing from time
to time rather dramatically.
And when it changes, it appears
that the life present changes
as well.
And it appears that the innate
intellect of that life changes.
I have always raised
cats, and cats, to me,
have a certain intellect.
They're not just random.
And of course, they think
that they're something
and they think
they're the leaders,
but that's a different story.
But anyway, so how
much brain you have,
and how it's put together,
and what it thinks
seems to change between
actual-- just even societies.
We talk about Atlantis, but
that was a very different
civilization.
Even Egypt was a very
different civilization.
The Mayans were a very
The Incas were a
different civilization.
The Toltecs were a
Their basic thinking
was different from what
our thinking is.
Some things maintain.
Civilization usually thinks
that, if it gets really hot,
it gets burned.
Well, yes, that's
a physical thing,
and so those things
tend to stay.
But how you think about
your relationship,
either spiritual or physical,
compared to someone else,
either spiritual or
physical, is very different.
>>DAVID: Why do you
think these books are
being held in the Vatican
and that we're not
being told that they exist?
This information would change
humanity so dramatically.
>>PETERSON: The problem, it
would change the religion.
>>DAVID: Why would that be bad?
>>PETERSON: I didn't
say it was bad.
But if you got all your
power from that religion
you would think it
was bad to change it,
because you'd have to give
up control, a lot of control,
a lot of ritual, a lot
of exchange of wealth.
>>DAVID: Do some of these books
have images of, let's say,
extraterrestrial spacecraft
or extraterrestrial space
stations?
>>PETERSON: I don't know
about space stations,
but I would say some
type of craft, yes.
Whether they were spacecraft
or bound to the Earth,
I'd have to make a guess.
>>DAVID: Did they appear
to be advanced technology,
from what you were looking at?
>>PETERSON: They certainly
were different technology.
Some of those technologies
are very simple,
and there have been
experiments to show
that they would have worked.
Now, why that hasn't
gone on probably
has to do with the
vast control power
of the various technologies
and various corporations.
Nowadays they'd be
corporations, but they
might have been gilds before.
>>DAVID: People are going
to want to know this.
So I need to ask you,
even though I know this
from talking to you before.
How could you read books
that are 7,200 years old?
Were they translated
in some way?
>>PETERSON: Yes, you go find
experts that can read it,
and a good source of those
is at Oxford University, who
are now translating some
biblical or pre-biblical texts.
A lot of them now are
coming out of Jordan.
Right now, there's
about I think 900--
maybe there's double that--
books, mostly on lead plates.
I believe there's some gold
and some other metal plates--
copper.
>>DAVID: And you're saying that
some of these Oxford professors
are knowledgeable enough
about ancient languages
that they could be in
a position to translate
these ancient documents?
>>PETERSON: Oh, yeah, they
seem to be translating them
very easily.
These are rather modern.
These came probably the time
just before and after Christ.
>>DAVID: What about the
Egyptian priesthood?
Did they have the
ability to translate
some of these old books
that they were finding?
>>PETERSON: I have
no idea at all.
>>DAVID: Well, I thought I
remembered you telling me
before that some of the books
had Egyptian painted marks
on them, like certain
collections that
were found in certain places.
>>PETERSON: Well,
if they did, they
were then written by
Egyptians, and so they
would have definitely known
how to translate them.
There were a lot
of Egyptian books.
There were a lot of
Egyptian books written
about Christian times and some
of the later Egyptian things.
>>DAVID: Did any
of these books have
pictures of what you would think
of as extraterrestrial beings,
like portraits?
>>PETERSON: Some did, and
the way they were done,
you're never to know whether it
was a fancy of their thought.
Remember, they deified animals.
The Egyptians deified animals.
So the question was,
were they defying animals
or were the animals maybe
ancient remnants of people
that were here before?
It's amazing.
I was just thinking
about this the other day,
as a matter of fact, how many of
the things that we have appear
to be two-legged, two-armed.
There's a lot of
five-fingered people,
but there are a lot of
three-fingered people.
The five-fingered thing
came in about the time
that we had the Tower
of Babel, the confusing.
Ultimately now, if we
look at our science,
we record our science
usually in mathematics.
And so the mathematics
would probably
be based on how
many fingers we had.
It is certainly for us.
And there's a lot
of stuff you can't
do with base 10 mathematics.
There's a lot of things you can
do if you had three fingers.
Our mathematics would
be light years ahead.
>>DAVID: Well,
when you're talking
about an informational
field, what
are some of the practical
things that you saw that would
help to prove its existence?
>>PETERSON: Well, I saw that
it had a field-like structure,
and I saw that when you
used, rather than a base 10
mathematical structure,
but a field three
structure, many things
that we had no answers for,
the answers just popped up.
And I said, well, this
looks more natural to me.
But it looked like
all of that took place
at about the same time as
the Tower of Babel stories,
and that's why I was
interested in it,
to see if something happened.
And I'm adventurous
enough to think
maybe some outside group of
beings came to our planet
and had relations
with us, and we
took on some of their
genetic characteristics.
Or perhaps was it that
they came and they
wanted us to be workers,
so they either genetically
added or took off.
We're genetically
adding and subtracting
from the genetic field right
now in the things we're
talking about.
And we're talking about,
is it good or bad?
Can we help or not help mankind?
>>DAVID: Well, let me ask
you one specific one here,
which I'm curious to
get your reaction on.
I researched and wrote about in
Source Field something called
"the multiples effect," in
which independently different
scientists publish
discoveries that are identical
or nearly identical at
almost the exact same time.
And it would appear that
as the cognitive mind,
as the intellect, is trying
to solve a particular problem,
that may be in fact uploading
to some sort of group mind
that we all share.
Would you agree with that?
>>PETERSON: Very much so.
And in some ways it's
very obvious, from science
that I'm aware of, that we
are able to transmit thoughts
without use of mechanical, or
chemical, or physical things.
We transmit them maybe as
an electromagnetic wave,
but there's not really
a lot of basis for that,
but they are
transmitted somehow.
In The 100th, monkey
theory comes out
of that, a number of things.
We knew what the formula
for natural aspirin,
from Salix or willow plant--
we knew what the formula was,
but we couldn't synthesize it.
And then all of a sudden,
within a week's time
it was synthesized in
America, in Germany,
and France, and very
soon after that,
in India, and other places.
And so why would that
all come as a cluster?
And we find out that--
I worked with a plant
scientist one time,
that I kicked
myself in the fanny
for not continuing on with
him, because he was brilliant.
I was right in the middle of
something else at the time.
But he found out that
plants would send signals
as much as 40, or 50,
or maybe even more miles
to bring certain minerals
and foods to the plants
across space and time.
And it was a field
that was-- obviously,
you could use field
equations to write about it,
and to measure it, and to
check what power it was going
to have, what effect
it was going to have,
but it wasn't an electric field
and it wasn't a magnetic field.
So I called them
informational fields,
because the information
was what was transmitted.
And as a result of
that, I got to see
that there were ways of
generating those fields, ways
of transmitting them,
ways of receiving them,
ways of utilizing them
for good or bad purposes.
>>DAVID: Well, this
is really interesting,
because what I'm hearing
is validation, even
more than before,
that consciousness
is the builder of reality,
as these great world
religions have told us,
and spiritual traditions,
and that even these
extraterrestrial beings, who
apparently left books
behind that they still
have in the Vatican, were
aware of this 7,200 years ago.
Now, that is a
fascinating discussion,
and I really want to thank
you for bringing that
to our awareness.
I'm your host, David Wilcock,
and we'll see you next time.
[MUSIC PLAYING]